Add similarity strategy (#416)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/investigate/alerts.md

| Major | [60-80[ |
| Urgent | [80-100] |

### Alert Similarity 
Alert similarity (Occurence) is the process by which we collect similar events in the same alert. 
The information is available in the Alerts table → Column `Occurrence`. 

> !!! note
>     Alert similarity has nothing to do with similar alerts. Check this [section](#similar-alerts) to learn more about similar alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

It has actually everything to do with Similar Alerts.

**Example**

If an alert has 24 occurrences, it means that it contains 24 events that were classified as similar and put in the same alert. 

### Similarity strategies

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alerts are considered similar if a list of fields defined by the similarity strategy have the same values for all events. Some fields may also be grouped together to specify that their values may be swapped.
```

I'm not entirely satisfied with this but can't find a clear and simple explanation :sweat_smile:

> There are three main strategies to define similarity of events. By order:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three possibilities to define the similarity strategy to use. By order:  
```

1. [Similarity is forced by the rule](#similarity-by-rule)

> 2. [Similarity is forced by intake](#similarity-by-intake)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Similarity is forced by event](#similarity-by-event)
```

3. [Similarity by default](#default-similarity)

#### Similarity by rule

> Rules written by SEKOIA.IO define similarity in the `rule pattern`. The similarity strategy is extracted directly from the rule. This setting is not shown on the interface and users cannot change it by themselves. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules written by SEKOIA.IO and available in the Rules Catalog may define specific similarity strategies.

Similarity strategies by rule are not shown and cannot be edited on the interface. The API may be used to access this parameter.
```

> **Example from a detection rule’s pattern**
> 
> ```json
> similarity_strategy:
>   - sekoiaio.entity.uuid
>   - file.name
>   - user.name
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is not something the user has access to, so I think this may be confusing

> #### Similarity by intake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Similarity by event
```

> Depending on the intake used to collect logs, SEKOIA.IO applies a similarity logic. This logic follows SEKOIA.IO guidelines and cannot be edited by users directly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the events that triggered an alert, SEKOIA.IO applies a similarity logic. This logic follows SEKOIA.IO guidelines and cannot be edited by users directly.
```

> To sum up, similarity can be adjusted depending on a file hash, a DNS, or the intake itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the event matches one of the conditions listed below, the associated similarity strategy is used.
```

| Conditions | Similarity Strategy |
| --- | --- |
| If `dns.question.name` exists | [`sekoiaio.entity.uuid`, [`source.ip`, `destination.ip`], `dns.question.name`] |
| If `event.dialect` is Azure Windows and `user.name` exists | [`sekoiaio.entity.uuid`, `user.name`, `user.id`] |
| If `event.dialect` is Azure Windows and `process.name` exists | [`sekoiaio.entity.uuid`, `process.name`, `process.command_line`] |
| If `event.dialect` is Azure Active Directory and `user.name` exists and `action.name` exists  | [`sekoiaio.entity.uuid`, `user.name`, `user.id`, `action.name`, `action.type`, `action.outcome`] |
| If `event.dialect` is Azure Active Directory and `action.name` exists | [`sekoiaio.entity.uuid`, `action.name`, `action.type`, `action.outcome`] |
| If `event.dialect` is postfix | [`sekoiaio.entity.uuid`, `email.from.address`] |
| If `file.hash.sha256`matches the rule | [`sekoiaio.entity.uuid`, `file.hash.sha256`] |
| If `file.hash.sha1` matches the rule | [`sekoiaio.entity.uuid`, `file.hash.sha1`] |
| If `file.hash.md5`matches the rule | [`sekoiaio.entity.uuid`, `file.hash.md5`] |

!!!note

>     In case similarity forced by your intake does not answer your needs, feel free to contact us at support@sekoia.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In case similarity forced by your events does not answer your needs, feel free to contact us at support@sekoia.io.
```

#### Default similarity

> If there is no similarity forced by the rule or by the intake, you can rely on SEKOIA.IO default similarity formula: same `entity`, same `source.ip` and `destination.ip`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no similarity forced by the rule or by the event, you can rely on SEKOIA.IO default similarity formula: same `entity`, same `source.ip` and `destination.ip`. 
```

`source.ip` and `destination.ip` can be used interchangeably. 

!!! important 
    When there is no data due to parsing issues, alert similarity is not shown except when there is a NULL propriety in `source.ip` or `destination.ip`. When the `source.ip` and the `destination.ip` are empty, we might use the value NULL as a similarity basis.
    
#### Similarity and alert status

> Similarity can only exist within the context of **Pending**, **Acknowledged** and **Ongoing** alerts. If alerts are **Closed** or **Rejected** but still have similar events that can be added to them, a new alert is raised. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As long as there is an existing similar alert with status **Pending**, **Acknowledged** or **Ongoing**, new matches are added to the alert as occurrences.

If only **Closed** or **Rejected** alerts are similar, a new alert is created. **Closed** and **Rejected** similar alerts are listed inside the [Similar Alerts](#similar-alerts) tab.
```
